{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15300\viewh10380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Maybe to make it easier (on our part) and still explain the story, we can start off with parallax words to explain the children\'92s background, why they were left at home and other parts of the story. Like words fading in and out, but short enough that it doesn\'92t make the audience do too much work. \
\
(think of it like a powerpoint, lol) \
\
THEN after the user scrolls past the introduction, they get to see the first scene of our illustration. Then first scene of our illustrations can start with this: \
\
1. In an illustration: Hansel and Gretel are alone, hungry and lost in the forest, breadcrumbs are already laid out behind them. In parallax words: we can explain about the breadcrumbs\
\

\b 2. In an illustration: Breadcrumbs are gone. In p.words (parallax words): we can explain to them that birds ate the breadcrumbs.
\b0 \
\

\b 3. In an illustration: The gingerbread house. In p.words: explain that they were hungry and started eating the house. 
\b0 \
\

\b 4. In an illustration: Witch appears, Hansel and Gretel\'92s mouth attached to the house (something to show they were eating it). In p.words: explain that they witch kindly invited them inside. 
\b0 \
\

\b 5. In an illustration: (It is the next day; brighter colors to show day change) Witch locks up Hansel. In p.words: we can explain why she does so
\b0 .\
\

\b 6. In an illustration: Witch is with Gretel in the kitchen. In words: we can explain that the witch was going to prepare hansel as a meal.\

\b0 \
We can split this part up into two illustrations if need be: \
7. In p.words (words appear first to explain the scene and THEN the illustration): we explain the witch\'92s urgency to get Gretel into the oven. In illustration: we show Gretel in front of the oven, unsure how to get inside. \'97\'97\'97\'97>  Next, In p.words, we show the witch\'92s quote 'The door is big enough; just look, I can get in myself!'\
\

\b 8. In an illustration: Gretel locking up witch, who\'92s in the oven. In p.words: we explain that she pushed her in and ran to Hansel. 
\b0 \
\

\b 9.  In an illustration: Witch is dead, burned. In p.words: explain they got away while she was burning alive. \
\
10.  In an illustration: show them back at home with dad.
\b0 \
\
11.  In an illustration: show Gretel pulling out money from her pocket. In. p.words: explain why.\
\

\b 12. In words: \'91They lived happily ever after\'92 (along the lines of)
\b0 \
}